Day 10 Assignment 

1. How to create an object in Java?
Ans - It is create using new keyword
	syntax - Test obj = new Test();
	where Test - name of the class
		  obj - name of the object

2. What is the use of 'new' keyword in Java?
Ans -
	'new' keyword in java is used to create a new object of a class
	or we can say it instatiates a class and allocate a memory of that object. 
	And also it returns the reference of that allocated memory.

3. What are the different types of variables in Java?
Ans - 
	There are three types of variables in Java.
	1. Local Variable - These kinds of variables have a local scope to which block or method they are defined.
	   and are only created when their method block is running. These are stored in the stack of their method.

	2. Instance Variable - In simple terms these are properties of a class. 
	   Will only be created when the instance (object) of its class is created and destroyed with it.
	   They have different values for every new object created. And are declared inside class but outside any method.

	3. Static Variables -  These variables are special one. They can be accessed without even creating the 
		instance (object) of a class. And having life of entire run of the program.

4. What is the difference between Instance & Local variable?
Ans - 
	Instance variable stays in heap memory whereas Local lives in stack memory of its method.
	Instance variable's scope is same as its class but Local variable is block scoped.
	Instantiate on object creation of the class but local variable is available until its block of code (method) is running.

5. In which area memory is allocate for instance variable and local variable ?
Ans - 
	Memory to Instance variables is allocated into the Heap memory whereas local variables are stored into stack memory.
	
6. What is method overloading ?
Ans - 
	This means method with same name can be used with different parameter names OR different parameter data types.
	
	example -     void run(int meters) {

				 }
					
				void run(float meters) {
	
				}
		
			Both the methods are valid and will work perfectly fine.